src/content/blog/Todo.md, before:

---
title: "Todo"
description: "Todo list of the website"
pubDate: "Feb 08 2025"
heroImage: "/src/assets/shuang.jpg"
---

## Optimize website

- [x] Create right favicon
- [x] Remove unused fonts
- [x] Update tailwind to 4
- [x] Change favicon
- [x] Find color for the blog
- [x] Change about me page
- [x] Change social link
- [x] Custom home page
- [x] Change website title color
- [x] Group blog by tag
- [x] Change blogicon
- [x] Change font
- [x] Recent work add left padding for mobile
- [x] Config Eslint

## Write Blog

### School

- [ ] Photography final project
- [ ] Web1 project

### Personal

- [ ] Figure out what is mdx
- [ ] Nike website demo
- [ ] Math website demo
- [ ] Dashboard website demo
- [ ] Canvas
- [ ] React Native
  - [ ] Budget
  - [ ] Music
  - [ ] Whatsapp
  - [ ] Aura

Use dprint + dprint plugin for astro instead of prettier

https://dprint.dev/plugins/markup_fmt/
https://github.com/Aquaticat/Monochromatic/blob/main/packages/config/dprint/index.json

Use a linter - oxc

https://oxc.rs/docs/guide/usage/linter/config.html
https://github.com/Aquaticat/Monochromatic/blob/main/packages/config/oxlint/index.json
// Refer to my repo
https://github.com/Aquaticat/Monochromatic/tree/main

Commit message:

update navigation links in Header component for clarity and consistency; add new blog post on portfolio website

src/content/blog/Todo.md, after:

---
title: "Todo"
description: "Todo list of the website"
pubDate: "Feb 08 2025"
heroImage: "/src/assets/shuang.jpg"
---

## Optimize website

- [x] Create right favicon
- [x] Remove unused fonts
- [x] Update tailwind to 4
- [x] Change favicon
- [x] Find color for the blog
- [x] Change about me page
- [x] Change social link
- [x] Custom home page
- [x] Change website title color
- [x] Group blog by tag
- [x] Change blogicon
- [x] Change font
- [x] Recent work add left padding for mobile
- [x] Config Eslint
- [ ] Icon
- [ ] Accessibiallity
- [ ] Add state to nav when in different page
- [ ] Client server or 
- [ ] About this project
- [ ] Change Home to portfolio
- [ ] Nav is too right
- [ ] Heading nav and logo are not in a row in a small screen
- [ ] Hamburger modal too big
- [ ] how to use mdx


## Write Blog

### School

- [ ] Web1 Midterm
- [ ] Web1 Final

### Personal

- [ ] Figure out what is mdx
- [ ] Nike website demo
- [ ] Math website demo
- [ ] Dashboard website demo
- [ ] Canvas
- [ ] React Native
  - [ ] Budget
  - [ ] Music
  - [ ] Whatsapp
  - [ ] Aura

Use dprint + dprint plugin for astro instead of prettier

https://dprint.dev/plugins/markup_fmt/
https://github.com/Aquaticat/Monochromatic/blob/main/packages/config/dprint/index.json

Use a linter - oxc

https://oxc.rs/docs/guide/usage/linter/config.html
https://github.com/Aquaticat/Monochromatic/blob/main/packages/config/oxlint/index.json
// Refer to my repo
https://github.com/Aquaticat/Monochromatic/tree/main
